>> Erik Reinert: All right,
so let's talk about the pros.
As we just mentioned,
there's no service management or
server management required, right?
I can easily just push my code up and
run it, and I don't have to worry about,
is the server gonna be up,
does the server have enough compute power?
Does the server have enough network layer,
networking, throughput,
all that kind of stuff,
this taken care of by the cloud provider.
Which again, is really,
really nice when we're talking
about being a small team, right?
Or having a little limited amount
of resources of working on,
you might even be a big team, but maybe
only one person can work on this, right?
It gives you a lot more flexibility
with not having to also consider
the management requirements as well.
Cost-based usage, right?
So there's no pre-purchase capacity,
I don't have to pay for
a $50 a month database or
EC2 instance or things like that,
it's based on entirely off of the usage.
So again, when you're talking
about dev environment, right?
One of the challenges that
we even had Hippo for
a while was that our dev environments
almost cost as much as production,
because it's still the same
infrastructure at the end of the day.
It might not scale out the same way,
but it still means we have to
be running EKS cluster and
ECS cluster, we have to have instances
sitting there and stuff like that.
And so this can be a massive cost
saved by just simply saying, hey,
we're just gonna focus on usage here
rather than pre-purchase capacity, or
always running on demand capacity
is really what it's called.
And then finally,
automated scaling, right?
We talked about scaling and how difficult
it can be and all these things.
Well, if you build it
pretty much all serverless,
that's one of the few things
you don't have to worry about.
However, and I have to say this as my
due-diligence as an architect or whatever.
Automated scaling can
also hurt you [LAUGH].
Why might saying I'm not gonna care
about my scaling might hurt you,
can anyone guess?
>> Speaker 2: DDoS is expensive [LAUGH].
>> Erik Reinert: Exactly, yeah, at any
point where scaling goes way beyond your
expectations, you might
have a massive cloud bill.
I don't know if you guys
recently noticed but
Amazon actually made a huge
change to their S3 buckets.
To where anything that is publicly hosted,
they're no longer going to charge for
errors and things like that.
This was a huge problem because
people could DDoS S3 buckets and
stuff like that and
then effectively blow somebody's
cloud costs through the roof
based off of errors alone.
And so I believe it was either
they subtracted that cost or
they removed it entirely, but now they
realize, all right, this is a problem.
We need to figure out, meaning Amazon
needs to figure out how to fix that so
that customers who are using this don't
have to worry about that cost incursion.
And so that is where you need to be
careful, right, with automated scaling
because another thing that's very
common is Lambdas calling Lambdas.
>> Erik Reinert: You can easily scale
through the roof if a Lambda calls
a Lambda and then it calls itself back,
then it'll just skyrocket.
So automated scaling is great but
it is a bit of a double-edged sword,
you have to be prepared of what happens if
your throughput goes through the roof and
you're not ready for those costs.
And there's a lot of different
ways that you can deal with it,
you can deal with it through
like billing alerts,
you can deal with like thresholds and
like rate limiting, things like that.
It's just other ways of
solving that problem, so
you don't have to deal with those costs.
>> Erik Reinert: So let's talk about cons.
So we've already kinda mentioned
this a few times again,
with Quirk architecture and
dealing with things like thousands and
thousands of requests
coming in per second.
The architecture can become more
expensive for long-term applications.
So again,
if you're in a scenario where you have
thousands of requests per second, right?
That means thousands of Lambdas
per second being fired,
you are being charged per
every Lambda that's fired.
However, there will be a point and
it's pure math, right?
There will be a point at the end of
the day where the amount of dollars you're
incurring per minute is more than
the amount of dollars you're incurring per
minute in just like an on-demand
EC2 instance, right?
Because that's a fixed cost,
whereas Lambdas and
serverless are not a fixed cost, they will
go until you tell them to stop, right?
And so like I said, there will become
a time where when Quirk is needed to
connect to much larger content creators,
counts or
things like that,
that we will need to think about that.
Will need to go okay, well,
we can't process some random streamer
who's got like 50,000 viewers
just flooding their chat that one
person could incur more costs than
everyone else on the entire platform.
How do you basically handle that?
Well, that one component might not
need to be serverless anymore.
And so that's where you can then say,
okay, we're gonna take this component out,
we're gonna put a service in its place.
And now we're scaling off of a fixed cost
of how much that instance costs per day,
and that will save you a lot of money.
Again, going back to Fossabot
in comparison to Quirk and
the conversation I had with Aiden,
that was, the first thing he said, he was,
that's great bro, but I couldn't do that,
and that's exactly why.
So testing can be difficult on
the environments reliance on the Internet,
this is exactly what you were
talking about earlier, right?
How do you test this thing
properly without having to
have these requirements and you kinda
can't, you have to be on the Internet,
you have to make sure that your Lambdas
are exposed on the Internet as well.
Or you might have to have a VPN which
connects you into the network so
that you can fire internal Lambdas and
we do both.
For Quirk, we have public API gateways and
private API gateways actually.
And so sometimes we need
to connect to the VPN, so
that you can then access
the internal gateways and test,
database connections or
database calls and stuff like that.
Versus public connections,
which is like, again,
the chat messages coming in from Twitch or
Discord or whatever else.
So there is a difficulty around the
environment's reliance on the Internet.
Personally, in the year of 2024,
it's not that big
of a deal to me cuz I'm always on
the Internet, but that's a preference.
So take that with a grain of salt,
it doesn't mean that you feel the same way
I do, I know some people
who like to be able to go,
completely zero access off
the Internet and off the grid.
That's great, but I like being on,
the grid's nice [LAUGH].
So for me, it's not that big of a con,
but again,
it really depends on your requirements.
Troubleshooting and
debugging is also more complex,
can anyone guess why troubleshooting and
debugging might be more complex outside
of it just needing to be on the Internet?
When we're talking about,
basses and facets and stuff.
>> Speaker 3: You don't know when one or
see anything.
>> Erik Reinert: Exactly.
>> Speaker 3: Behind the wall.
>> Erik Reinert: Exactly, yeah, so
you don't know how somebody
implemented something you don't know
if there's actually pre-imposed rate
limits that you're not aware of.
You don't know if there might be an outage
on the service that you're relying on,
right?
These are all challenges that you have
to be aware of when you're talking
about relying on other people for
that functionality.
And if you're not considerate of that,
you can easily have outages, downtime and
completely unplanned
you're not aware of it.
You have to stay synchronized
with those providers as well.
So you have to be aware and say, hey,
whenever they announce an outage,
you have to announce an outage, right?
It becomes a little bit more
dependant in that sense as well.
So this is where again, a lot more older
people in the industry who were around
when we just had data centers and stuff
like that are, forget cloud architecture.
It's a big reason why they normally
say that is because they are so
used to relying on themselves that
they don't wanna rely on anyone else.
So it can definitely become more
challenging when your intellectual
property is dependent on somebody
else's intellectual property.